.NET Guide - Web Essentials (#145)
JetBrains/jetbrains_guide: sites/dotnet-guide/contents/authors/pwe/index.md

---
title: Paul Everitt
subtitle: PyCharm Developer Advocate at JetBrains
thumbnail: ./pwe.jpg
---

> Paul is the PyCharm Developer Advocate at JetBrains. Before that, Paul

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paul is a member of the PyCharm Developer Advocates at JetBrains. Before that, Paul
```

Author: Up to @pauleveritt , as this may need other Guides to update as well. Paul, "commit suggestion" at will.

was a co-founder of Zope Corporation, taking the first open source
application server through $14M of funding. Paul has bootstrapped both

> the Python Software Foundation and the Plone Foundation. Prior to that,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [Python Software Foundation](https://www.python.org/psf/) and the [Plone Foundation](https://plone.org/foundation). Prior to that,
```

Author: Up to @pauleveritt , as this may need other Guides to update as well. Paul, "commit suggestion" at will.
